# Catalogators by Patricia, Melina, Tara, and Elizabeth

## Problem

## Solution

## Program Design
For our program design we have two main classes, the Course class and the ConstructSchedule class. The Course class creates course objects using object oriented programming containing instance variables of the courseName as a String, an arrayList of Strings of the grades that the course is available to, a String for the department that the course falls under and a Map of type Integer and String to denote the prequisites for each course. This class is essential to the foundation of our solution as these are the main objects that we are working with and eventually returning to our user as the courseName, because the objective is to create a potential schedule. The next class that we implemented was our ConstructSchedule class, which holds course objects and functions as our main runner class. In this class we have the instance variables of all of the courses in the universem, which are all of the potential classes the user can take, the selectedCourses and the past courses and the rising grade of the user. One of our main functions parseInput takes in the course catalogue as a file and creates course objects containing each of the necessary instance variables from the course class and stores this information. Additionally, we utitlize a randomization technique in our chooseSubject method to choose the subject that the user would like to randomly select for themselves depending on the available departments, such as art or history.

## Usage
Our intended users for this program are students entering into highschool at Greenwich Academy looking for advice and recommendation for course registration. The first file that would need to be uploaded to the program would be a course catalog, formatted in a CSV, containing the course names, the department type, the grades available to, and the prerequisites for each course. Next, the user would have to upload a transcript containing all of the classes that they have previously taken up to the current year that they are going into. For example, if the user is a rising junior they will upload a txt file containing all of the courses they have taken during freshmen and sophmore year in order to have the most accurate recommendations. Next, the user will use Java C to compile the ConstructSchedule class and input their transcript and course catalogue to the program. Then, the user should run the ConstructSchedule class using Java and the program will output a list of course object names of recommendations for the user that will be stored in a txt file called 'CoursesNextYear.txt' with all of the recommended courses to take for the next academic cycle. Because of the inheritance 'has-a' relationship between the ConstructSchedule and the Course class the user must ensure that both of the classes are kept in the same local repository on the machine.

